DBZ-7304 Update MongoDb doc for snapshot modes alignment (#5400)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mongodb.adoc

`never`:: Deprecated, see `no_data`.

`no_data`:: The connector runs a snapshot that captures the structure of all relevant tables, performing all the steps described in the xref:default-workflow-for-performing-an-initial-snapshot[default snapshot workflow], except that it does not create `READ` events to represent the data set at the point of the connector's start-up (Step 7.b).

`when_needed`:: After the connector starts, it performs a snapshot only if it detects one of the following circumstances:

* It cannot detect any topic offsets.
* A previously recorded offset specifies a log position that is not available on the server.

ifdef::community[]
`custom`:: The `custom` snapshot mode lets you inject your own implementation of the `io.debezium.spi.snapshot.Snapshotter` interface.
Set the `snapshot.mode.custom.name` configuration property to the name provided by the `name()` method of your implementation.

For more information, see xref:connector-custom-snapshot[custom snapshotter SPI].
endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mongodb-property-snapshot-mode-custom-name]]<<mongodb-property-snapshot-mode-custom-name, `+snapshot.mode.custom.name+`>>
|No default

> | When `snapshot.mode` is set as `custom`, use this setting to specify the name of the custom implementation provided in the `name()` method that is defined by the 'io.debezium.spi.snapshot.Snapshotter' interface.
> The provided implementation is called after a connector restart to determine whether to perform a snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If `snapshot.mode` is set to `custom`, use this setting to specify the name of the custom class that implements the `name()` method that is defined in the 'io.debezium.spi.snapshot.Snapshotter' interface.
After a connector restart, {prodname} calls the specified custom implementation to determine whether to perform a snapshot.
```
